[Music]
uh
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will explain a thriller about a husband
and wife who get terror in their new
home
let's find out in the storyline of the
intruder film
the intruder begins with the birthday
party of scott a successful young
marketer who lives in the city of san
francisco
the birthday celebration was attended by
many friends and colleagues
annie expressed her desire to have a
home and children scott loves annie so
much that he is willing to work on a
house in the countryside
even though he works in a big city so
the two of them set off on a trip to
napa valley
a suburb far from the hustle and bustle
of the big city and started looking for
the house they saw advertised for sale
they arrived at an old house filled with
a large yard it could be seen from
annie's facial expression that she
really liked the house
when they got to the house scott and
annie tried to find the house owner but
they couldn't find him
so the two decided to go around for a
while to the yard behind the house
there annie found a cute deer but to her
surprise a man with a gun appeared and
shot the deer right in front of scott
and annie
both of them were so scared but it turns
out that this man is charlie
the house owner who wants to sell his
house charlie ends up taking scott and
danny around to see the house
charlie said that he had lived in the
house for a long time even since his
great-grandfather
inside the house charlie looked at annie
several times and it was clear
that this middle-aged man was very
interested in annie charlie said if his
wife died of cancer and his daughter
cassidy asked him to move to florida and
live with him that was the reason
why he wanted to sell the house that
held these memories
a painting in the living room caught
scott's attention he did not like the
painting that looked old and outdated
charlie looked so admiring his own house
from all the words expressed
it was clear that charlie still loved
his house even though he had to sell it
as they passed the aisle above they were
introduced to a cupboard where towels
and toiletries were stored
after making an offer charlie reveals
that he just wants to sell his house at
the desired price
after scott and annie were about to
leave charlie finally changed his mind
and gave the house to them albeit with a
very forced expression
scott bought the house and made annie so
happy even though they didn't know it
was a very wrong decision
charlie gives the house keys and bids
farewell to both as he is going to
florida to meet his daughter
the next day scott and annie invited
their friend mike and his girlfriend to
come
and have dinner together they looked so
happy enjoying the night
mike then went out to pee in the yard
he's also smoking
but oddly enough mike could sense that
someone was staring at him from a
distance
after he finished peeing he threw his
cigarette butt in the yard and left
the next day mike was shocked and angry
when he found a hole in the seat of his
luxury car
he was so sure someone had punched holes
in his car because he had never smoked
in a car
while working in his office scott gets a
call from annie saying that charlie is
in their yard and busy mowing the lawn
when asked by annie charlie only
explained that he couldn't stand the
sight of long and unkempt grass so he
took the initiative to mow the grass
charlie admitted that he was currently
staying at a hotel in the middle of the
city
while waiting to move to florida because
of his very kind nature
annie even invited charlie to come to
the thanksgiving dinner because she felt
sorry for charlie who was away from the
family
thanksgiving day arrived and charlie
came with a lot of enthusiasm with a
cake
while at his house scott takes charlie
on a tour of the house he's renovated
when they got to the living room charlie
looked so displeased that scott had
replaced an old painting in the living
room
charlie says that the painting was his
gift to scott and he is not happy that
scott changed it
while enjoying the thanksgiving meal
they all joked and talked a lot
mike and his partner also came and he
continued to advise scott to renovate
the entire house
according to him this house is too old
and the model is outdated he even
suggested demolishing some of the walls
and replacing them with a more modern
design strangely
charlie's face looks increasingly
displeased and looks angry
even though the house is no longer his
when he was smoking outside the house
mike was again visited by charlie who
looked displeased because he was smoking
in his yard
when charlie left mike was sure that
charlie was the one who stuck the
cigarette butt in the seat of his luxury
car
but danny couldn't believe it and
believed that charlie was a good person
so that night scott and mike try to find
where charlie is
they went out of the house with
flashlights and what they found on the
forest road near his house was shocking
they saw a parked car and were sure it
belonged to charlie
but the car soon sped away mike was
convinced that charlie was still
not ready to give up his house and he
was still around their house
the next day scott installed a burglar
detector in his home
while the workers were installing some
burglar sensors on the tree
charlie came back and was angry because
he didn't like the workers destroying
the tree
scott said he installed a burglar
detector because someone was near his
neighborhood
charlie said they were just high school
kids partying in the woods next to his
house
charlie suggests that scott use a gun if
he wants to protect his family but scott
is traumatized by a gun and says he will
never use a gun in his home
this is because when he was only 12
years old his brother was shot in the
street and died
at nightfall scott wakes up to a sound
then his burglar light indicates someone
is approaching his property
scott immediately ran out of the house
with a baseball bat
it turns out that what charlie said is
true if there are high school children
who often gather in the forest next to
his house to hang out
but when a car's headlights passed and
shone on it scott didn't realize charlie
was hiding among the trees in the dark
the next day scott and annie came home
with a christmas tree
and how upset scott was when he found
charlie still in their neighborhood
this time scott couldn't stand the
presence of charlie who was still
bothering them
charlie then showed him the christmas
ornaments he had stored in the warehouse
scott shows disdain for charlie but
hannie does the opposite
annie had a feeling that charlie only
wanted to do good by helping them find
the tools he had kept all this time
scott finally asked annie to never allow
charlie into their yard again because he
thought charlie was behaving like the
house still belonged to him
at the office scott began to get close
to his manager and he was invited to
join the bar for a drink
meanwhile charlie returns to annie's
house with a bottle of wine as an
apology for causing a ruckus yesterday
charlie pun offers to help put up the
christmas decorations because scott is
too busy working
that night annie allowed charlie to come
into the house and drink the wine that
charlie brought while talking
annie then gets a text from scott saying
that he will be home late
and annie was so mad that scott was
always calling when he was coming home
late
and if he was just texting it meant
scott was with another woman
meanwhile scott is at the bar with the
manager trying to flirt with him
finally after an argument on the phone
scott decided to go home
and when he got home he was so surprised
because there was an empty wine bottle
left on the table
especially he was confused about how
annie could put up all the christmas
decorations alone
the two then got into an argument until
that night annie slept alone in the
bedroom while scott slept in the living
room
it was raining heavily that night and
scott woke up to a sound like someone
was in their house
unfortunately he couldn't find anyone
annie came over to scott
and the two apologized to each other but
when the two were making out
charlie was peeking at them from inside
the house without them knowing
so how did charlie get into this house
the next day while buying a drink at the
cafe in the middle of the city
scott met a man who said he lived not
far from his house the man told him he
had to be careful with charlie
according to him charlie's wife died in
that house it turns out that charlie's
wife was found to have committed suicide
by firing a rifle into her mouth
hearing this scott and danny immediately
checked the room where charlie's wife
used to live
they could find streaks of blood stuck
to the walls but annie repeatedly denied
it and there was no way a man like
charlie would kill his wife
that night scott goes to the royal hotel
and looks for charlie
scott reminds charlie to stay away from
his wife and home while bluffing
the next scene shows when charlie is so
angry that scott is humiliated in a
public place
the following day scott decides to take
a morning jog through the deserted
streets while listening to music
but he was hit by a speeding car until
scott rolled over and fell into a ravine
admitted to the hospital annie was told
that scott is okay but they had done an
examination and the results would be out
tomorrow
that meant scott had to stay in the
hospital that night scott asks annie to
come home
but scott had a bad feeling that it was
likely that charlie had run into him
so she called mike and asked him to
check charlie's background
at home alone annie who was taking a
shower was startled by the doorbell
ringing
it turned out that on the doorstep
charlie had come back to visit again
charlie came with the excuse of being
sorry for what happened to the scots
he brought pizza for annie charlie was
about to leave but annie finally invited
charlie to come into the house and
accompany her to eat
meanwhile at the hospital mike gets a
lot of information about charlie
the most surprising thing is that
charlie lies about many things
especially his intention to go to
florida charlie's goal is to sell his
house because he's in a job with a lot
of debt
scott finally asks mike for help to
check on annie at his house
when mike arrived at scott and danny's
house he felt strange because he saw
charlie and scott's house chatting with
annie
while peeking from a distance charlie
accidentally sees mike and his plan to
get rid of mike immediately appears
charlie says the party-loving high
school kids are back and he wants to
kick him out charlie immediately came
out and chased after mike with an axe
mike who was so tensed stopped charlie
but charlie wasn't going to let mike off
the hook this time
with the axe in his hand he plunged
straight into his chest and killed him
back at home charlie seemed unable to
resist a desire to fondle annie but in
the end
he left the next day charlie returned to
his house and peeked to danny in the
shower
it was clear he could access his house
so easily finally
scott comes home and is angry that
charlie is still hanging around in his
yard
here we can see charlie coming out of a
small hut in the yard scott panicked
when annie told him that mike never got
home
for days scott tried to find mike but he
couldn't find him anywhere
finally with the help of his office
mates scott managed to find traces of
cassidy
charlie's daughter but cassidy refused
to answer scott's phone
and she looked so panicked when scott
talked about her father
upon returning from shopping annie is
surprised by charlie's presence at her
house
charlie wanted to say that he wanted to
see annie alone and wanted to talk to
each other
that's when annie realized that
something was wrong with charlie
she was so scared and tried to ask
charlie to come out after charlie left
annie immediately locked all the doors
and windows of the house
but she heard a voice from behind the
cupboard where the towels were stored on
the second floor
unexpectedly behind the cupboard there
is a secret door
when annie entered the room she fell and
she found a secret room tucked away
behind her wardrobe
when the light was turned on how
surprised he was to find a bed in
various kitchen utensils there as if
someone had lived in the room for a long
time
this room is connected by a long hallway
filled with cobwebs
the end of this hallway is a small hut
located in her yard
annie could see charlie looking in the
mirror in his car as if he wanted to
look stunning in front of annie
unfortunately annie's whereabouts were
discovered by charlie who immediately
chased her down the narrow alley
when annie opened the wrong door she was
so shocked to find mike's body lying
rigidly stored in a refrigerator
annie quickly calls scott but charlie
arrives earlier and tries to rape her
annie was hit by charlie until she
passed out on the way home
cassidy charlie's daughter calls scott
and explains that her mother did not
kill herself but was killed by her
father
cassidy had changed her identity by this
time and she was trying to escape to
avoid charlie
scott knew his wife was in danger so he
rushed home
meanwhile charlie was trying to rape
annie in her bed
scott made it home and he knew something
was wrong with his wife
when scott tries to reach his room he is
attacked by charlie who immediately
beats him several times
scott and charlie duel until scott falls
from the second floor and almost faints
annie who was hiding in the room was
chased until she was captured again by
charlie
the two of them duel until scott manages
to beat charlie multiple times
quickly annie stabbed the knife that
charlie was carrying right at her back
but neither of them survived because
charlier had now come down to his hiding
room and started taking his rifle
the scene continues as if it were a game
of hide and seek where charlie
repeatedly fired at the corners of the
house blindly until the house was pitch
black
scott and annie hid behind the bedroom
door with the gun so close
charlie could shoot them any time
charlie finally entered the room where
scott and danny had been hiding and
scott finally appeared from behind the
door and hit charlie in the face with a
baseball bat
charlie lay there dying scott will not
let charlie live any longer and
terrorize his family
annie immediately called the police and
said that her husband had just shot an
intruder
and this is the end of charlie's life
when a bullet goes straight through his
head
subscribe for more storyline videos
let's unpack it together
[Music]
you